feat(curriculum): add string method workshop (#66936)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-employee-profile-validator/69e73f4f5f986657647bbd63.md

---
id: 69e73f4f5f986657647bbd63
title: Step 13
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-13
---

# --description--

> The `.replace(old, new)` method replaces every occurrence of a substring with another. You can also chain it with other methods. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.replace(old, new)` method replaces every occurrence of the substring `old` with another, `new`. You can also chain it with other methods. For example:
```

```py
text = 'john.doe'
name = text.replace('.', ' ').title()
print(name)  # Output: John Doe
```

Using `email_user`, create a variable named `display_name` by replacing `'.'` with `' '` and then calling `.title()` on the result.

> Then, print `display_name` with the prefix `'Display name: '`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `.` with a single space in `email_user`, and then call `.title()` on the result. Assign the result to a variable named `display_name`.

Then, print the result of concatenating the string `Display name: ` and the `display_name` variable.
```

# --hints--

You should create a variable named `display_name`.

```js
({ test: () => assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).has_variable('display_name')`)) })
```

> You should use `.replace('.', ' ')` and `.title()` on `email_user` to assign `display_name` a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use `.replace('.', ' ')` and `.title()` on `email_user` and assign the result to the `display_name` variable.
```

```js
({ test: () => assert(runPython(`
node = _Node(_code).find_variable('display_name')

> not node.is_empty() and node.is_equivalent("display_name = email_user.replace('.', ' ').title()")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Node(_code).find_variable('display_name').is_equivalent("display_name = email_user.replace('.', ' ').title()")
```

`)) })
```

> You should print `display_name` with the prefix `'Display name: '`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should print the result of concatenating the string `Display name: ` and the `display_name` variable.
```

---
id: 69e73f4f5f986657647bbd63
title: Step 13
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-13
---

# --description--

> The `.replace(old, new)` method replaces every occurrence of a substring with another. You can also chain it with other methods. For example:

Reviewer 2: Blank line directly after `# --description--`.

```suggestion

The `.replace(old, new)` method replaces every occurrence of a substring with another. You can also chain it with other methods. For example:
```

```py
text = 'john.doe'
name = text.replace('.', ' ').title()
print(name)  # Output: John Doe
```

Using `email_user`, create a variable named `display_name` by replacing `'.'` with `' '` and then calling `.title()` on the result.

> Then, print the `display_name` variable with the prefix `'Display name: '`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, print `display_name` with the prefix `'Display name: '`.
```

---
id: 69e73f4f5f986657647bbd63
title: Step 13
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-13
---

# --description--

> The `.replace(old, new)` method replaces every occurrence of the substring `old` with another, `new`. You can also chain it with other methods. For example:

Reviewer 2: "replaces every occurrence of the substring `old` with another, `new`" makes "another" read as the object of the sentence. Naming `new` directly is clearer.

```suggestion
The `.replace(old, new)` method replaces every occurrence of the substring `old` with `new`. You can also chain it with other methods. For example:
```

```py
text = 'john.doe'
name = text.replace('.', ' ').title()
print(name)  # Output: John Doe
```

Replace `.` with a single space in `email_user`, and then call `.title()` on the result. Assign the result to a variable named `display_name`.

> Then print `display_name` so that the output reads: `Display name: Sarah Davis`.

Reviewer 2: The trailing punctuation is the cross-step item: "so that the output reads" is followed by a colon and no period in steps 2, 3 and 5, a colon and a period in steps 6, 11, 13 and 16, and no colon with a period in steps 4, 9 and 15. Every hint line in the workshop uses the last of those, so aligning the descriptions to it is the smallest change.

```suggestion
Then print `display_name` so that the output reads `Display name: Sarah Davis`.
```
